Xiaoling, come out
Come to daddy
come out
Li Shengqiang, how dare you?
Even the skeleton dares to break through
Ah crazy
Your boss sold off his property and ran away
Why are you still a tanman?
Are you not so filial to your parents?
You don't wait here
You have to dare to smile today
I can't spare you.
Then you try it.
You see if I do it or not, you're done
Xiaoling'er, I'm afraid you don't know yet
Everything this little guy said was a lie to you
Do you know who his fiancee is?
Southern Province Jingwei Chief Shuai Long Xiaoyun
He's a fucking undercover sent by Jingwei
Come to you
I just want to marry you all off and go to jail
Whether Brother Fang is an undercover agent or not
He won't hurt me
Oops, I didn't expect the ancient city brothers.
The old calf can still give birth to a daughter like you
Someone sold it and counted the money for people?
It seems that uncle has really hurt you.
Come come come come
Stop talking nonsense
Is there any way to come at me?
Since neither of you fucking want to run away?
Don't stop
Oops oops oops oops oops oops
Yeah.
Oh, dear.
Hahahahaha
Brother Tibetan Feng
Brother Tibetan Feng Brother Tibetan Feng
Ah, Brother Zangfeng
You
Go with Daddy
Hahahaha
Lin Shao just gave 280,000
No more.
13 The production stall will be 280,000
You are not a pig
Hey man, let's go
Ancient Remain
This stall?
Why do you have to sell today?
Lin Shao said
The price difference in the middle is with Gu Linger's life